[#2162] Fix NSInvalidArgumentException in MSAppCenterUserDefaults (#2167)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 3.3.5 (Under development)

### App Center

> * **[Fix]** Fix `NSInvalidArgumentException` when using `__NSCFBoolean` as a key in `NSUserDefaults`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix `NSInvalidArgumentException` when using non-string object as a key in `NSUserDefaults`.
```
